<p><b>Freecell Solver Lecture</b>

<p> <p>
It went very well if you ask me. There were not too many
participants. I think that all the people who were present
were Guy, Adir, Muli (<a href="/person/mulix/">mulix</a>), Emil,
Tzafrir, Nadav Har'El, and another one whom I know but don't
remember his name. There was a lot of active discussion
throughout the lecture, and several times everybody burst in
laughter; I felt I was doing okay and keeping most people
interested, and later on, when I asked him, Muli noted that
he found the lecture more interesting than he expected.


<p> <p>
I think it went well for several reasons. First of all, I
made sure I feel confident about giving it, and <b>know</b>
that I'll do fine. Confidence go a long way to making the
audience like you. Secondly, I decided not to just read the
slides, but rather tell it in my own words, and extend some
stuff from my own memory. I'm still not sure that I'm a good
speaker, but those skills may probably evolve as well as
revolve.


<p> <p>
There were a few suggestions that were brought up during the
lecture, which may be a good food for thought for the
future. One of them was another discussion of how to avoid
solutions that are not too long, without blocking deep
states that may prove useful in the future. They were not
too satisfied with the optimization scan (nor am I sure it
is an absolutely robust solution).


<p> <p>
Another thing that came up was Nadav's suggestion that I
store the states like RCS does, by using deltas from the
original one. This sounds like an interesting idea, which
may reduce memory consumption drastically, but will make
comparing states harder.


<p> <p>
<b>Note to self:</b> implement a compact allocation for the
move stacks. (very important)


2002-06-04 12:51:55