<p><b>SICP</b>

<p> <p>
I spent a lot of time in the weekend working on the
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs course's
homework. I forgot the LaTeX files that contained the cover
page I prepared on my Com-Net Lab workstation, so I
re-created a cover page from scratch. It was not too hard.


<p> <p>
It maybe my impression but it seems that Scheme programs are
more prone to bugs than Perl programs. And those bugs are
harder to trace. MIT Scheme is rather strange in the sense
that the identifiers there are case-insensitive. I checked
it on Guile and <tt>A</tt> and <tt>a</tt> are completely
different variables.



<p> <p><b>Bicycle Ride</b>

<p> <p>
I rode my bicycle twice on Friday and once on Saturday. Now
I'm going to bike again. Last weekend one of the brakes
cords of my bicycle broke, and I had to return with them to
home walking. This thursday, I walked with them to the
bicycle repair man and he fixed them.


<p> <p>
I'm getting tired of my bicycle breaking down, so I asked my
mother to buy me a new bicycle for my birthday instead of an
electrical organ which was our original plan.


<p> <p><b>Refactoring the Law</b>

<p> <p>
There's a small article I have been intending to write for a
long time about re-factoring the Law. To sum up, I believe
that adding new laws is like making ugly changes to the code
that attempt to add more functionality but mess it up
completely.


<p> <p>
The equivalent of refactoring a code is taking out redundant
or harmful laws out of the Law Canon. 

2001-12-30 06:56:57