<p><b>Freecell Solver</b>

<p> <p>
The refactoring of the code was eventually declared 
successful. Since then I've added a few more changes. One 
of them was to make sure that the fc-solve executable made 
use of the freecell_solver_user library. This is 
programmatically correct due to the "eating your dog food" 
concept. Afterwards I spent some time implementing a 
randomized Depth-First Search scan. The so-called 
random-DFS scan sometimes yields very good results which 
vary with the different seeds one gives it. 

<p> <p>
Lastly, I coded a test_multi_parallel.c program that runs 
several scans on one board simultaenously. From a 
benchmarking I made it seems that it solves a range of 
boards, much faster than a single-scan run. The next step 
in this direction would be to allow for several 
simultaneous scans to share the same states' collection. 
I'll probably work on it for the next release of 
<a href="/proj/Freecell%20Solver/">Freecell Solver</a> unless I find something more 
pressing to implement. But I have higher priorities, like 
the studies that have just been re-initiated (see below).


<p> <p><b>Michal Reading Ayn Rand's Books</b>

<p> <p>
My sister Michal finished to read the book "The 
Fountainhead" by Ayn Rand. She said she enjoyed it very 
much. Now she's reading "Atlas Shrugged" and for the time 
finds it less intersting. We had a small discussion about 
these books the other day. I told here that Atlas Shrugged 
is purposely made more irritating as one goes on reading 
it. But that's a good thing&lt;tm&gt;.


<p> <p><b>The Technion</b>

<p> <p>
Well, studies so far have been incomplete due to the 
lecturers' strike. But now the strike is over and 
hopefully everything will be back on track. 


<p> <p>
There were some rumours about nasty things the lecturers 
are going to do to compensate for the missing lectures. I 
sure hope those rumours are not true.



<p> <p><b>SICP Amusements</b><p>

<p> For those who do not know, SICP stands for "Structure and 
Interpretation of Computer Programs" and is the name of a 
book and <a 
href="http://tiger.technion.ac.il/~ee044261/">a course in 
the Technion</a> and in other universities. I had some fun 
solving Problem Set No. 3. Basically, we had to draw 
figures on the screen using one drawing primitive (that 
draws a single point) and a lot of abstractions above it. 
I'm considering playing with it some more and building 
transformations for generating such shapes as the <a 
href="http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/Lab/3550/cycloid.htm">
cycloid</a>, the hyper-cycloid, an Escher-like condensing 
pattern, etc. 


<p> <p><b>The IP-Noise Project</b>

<p> <p>
Not much to report here. Roy said he sent me a draft of 
the final report, but I did not recieve it. There's a 
flow-chart I want to prepare for it in Visio. Otherwise, 
everything is set and ready for prime-time.


<p> <p><b>The Image Processing Course's Test Appeal</b>

<p> <p>
I failed on my Moed Beith test and to make a long story 
short, I agreed with the lecturer that I'll hand him 
another appeal. I decided to print the whole test, and I 
used LaTeX for this purpose. It did not came out half as 
bad (much better than my hand-writing that's for sure). 
And it went much faster than Word despite the fact that I 
had to check out how to do a lot of things in LaTeX when I 
needed them. God bless Google and the <a 
href="http://linuxclub.il.eu.org/">Haifux</a> mailing list.


2001-12-02 17:01:08