<p><b>Lost in the (GNU) Savannah</b>

<p> <p> <p> <p>
What does a developer who is otherwise productive and has
good intentions to do to get a web-site and a CVS for his
project? According to SourceForge and <a
href="http://developer.berlios.de">BerliOS</a>, nothing
else besides registering his project at their service.
According to GNU Savannah, however, he should go through
the nine levels of proving his FSF-wise purism.


<p> <p> <p> <p>
I have successfully used the services of both SF and
BerliOS to host projects in the past. However, I'm not too
fond of the fact that SourceForge concentrates too many
important projects, and I've had some logistic and
technical problems with what BerliOS gives me. So I decided
to give <a href="http://savannah.gnu.org/">Savannah</a> a
try.
<p>

<p> <p> <p> <p>
I have tried to host two projects on GNU Savannah: Rindolf
and <a href="http://vipe.technion.ac.il/~shlomif/logic-
mazes/">lm-solve</a>. In both of them I had to fill the
registration forms at least two times only to see my
submission rejected from some reason. And they are still
not registered there.


<p> <p> <p> <p>
In Rindolf, I chose "Other" as the license of the project
and specified it would be the "Open Publication License".
At the moment, I'm only designing the SPECs of the
language, and do not actually produce a line of code. They
rejected it. Then I decided to choose MIT X11, and referred
them to the ad-hoc SPEC of the language. Then, they said
that it was not clear what is the license of the SPEC, and
asked me to re-submit the project.
<p>

<p> <p> <p>
I told them the license of the SPEC was the OPL, and that
anyhow, it would not imply anything about the licesne the
codebase would be distributed in. (for instance, gcc is an
implementation of C the text of whose standard is
proprietary). Then they said, that Savannah is ment to host
free software and free documentation. Does this mean I'll
have to maintain pure free content on the site?


<p> <p> <p>
I eventually stopped working on Rindolf for a while, and
independently coded a program to solve <a
href="http://www.logicmazes.com/">some types of logic
mazes</a> which I now dubb lm-solve. So far, so good, but I
decided that I want it to have a public source control
repository. So I turned to Savannah again. I chose other
and specified that the license is Public Domain.


<p> <p> <p>
This time they complained that there the terms were not
specified in the package (they were not documented there,
true), and that I should have a COPYING file. I wrote
something which said it was public domain but also said
that the disclaimer of the X11 license applies to the
package (until it gains a different license). And I re-
submitted the project again. This time they:


<p> <p> <ol>
<li> Complained that it was not clear what license it is.

<p> <li> Specified that every source file should have a
legalese header specifying the license and the disclaimer.

<p> <li>
Criticized me for mocking the GPL in the COPYING file. (it
did start with "Relax! This is not the GPL but rather is a
Public Domain software...".)

<p> </ol>

<p> <p> <p>
This started a relatively good natured argument between me
and the Savannah Hackers. I said that I was allowed to
parody the GPL in my COPYING file, without them being
concerned by it. They thought it was in the project
submission for some reason. (I'm not responsible for them
actually opening the package). I also said, that one does
not have to specify the copyright (or in my case lack of)
in every file and that I usually like to put something a
bit less intimidating in the header. They did not like this
idea so much because they said it may complicate things
legally.


<p> <p>
If I have to take all this crap just to register a project,
I'd hate to think what I'll have to put up with as the
projects' progress. I talked to an E-correspondent of mine,
and he said that he encountered similar paranoia from other
FSF activists. Meanwhile, I'll probably turn to ibiblio, or
some other service out there. Maybe I can get perl.org to
host me. I also seem to found CVS quite limiting, and would
probably register the project in <a
href="http://www.bitkeeper.com">BitKeeper</a> which AFAIK
is pretty much straightforward. I'm not really a free
software bigot, and BitKeeper is open-source "enough" for
most needs.


<p> <p>
Strangely enough, I read in LWN, that they plan that the
service would be a starting point for a distributed
SourceForge-like service hosting many projects world-wide.
If they actually want it to happen they should first lose a
small amount of their paranoia, and actually trust the
hackers that would like to use the service. Registering a
project in SF or BerliOS is straightforward even if you
don't have any intention to actively pursue it. I realize
they don't want to be bother by "dead on arrival" projects
and actually make sure the project is usable to them. But
if a hacker says the project is PD/MIT X11/GPL/LGPL/GPL and
Modified Artistic, etc. they should give him a break, tell
him to include a COPYING file that says so, accept his
project and let him start doing actually useful with
Savannah.


<p> <p>
Most hackers out there are not lawyers and wish to write
code or documentation rather than make sure their project
is a perfectly sound legally. (which from my understanding
of the legal system and the intellectual property law is
pretty much impossible). Maybe the Savannah admins have
good intentions, but if a project wishes to be successful
it needs a large amount of good human engineering, too.


<p> <p>
I believe the reason Freecell Solver has had its niche, and
gained some popularity is not only because I invested a lot
of time in coding it, but was also a good human engineer: I
answered E-mails, even very trivial, politely and
informatively; I formed a mailing list, and actively helped
people who reviewed the code, or wished to integrate it
into their projects; and I actively thought of what the end
user would like to find there. I think Savannah should
follow suit, and actually trust their hackers for a change.

2002-04-08 10:59:22
