<p><b>Linux Saves the Day</b>

<p> <p>
Dudu, Eran's friend, recently bought a new computer which came with Windows XP installed. Another friend of 
both Eran and Dudu installed Mandrake Linux 8.1 there, which I helped configure a bit after it was 
installed. A couple of days ago, Dudu called me by phone and informed me his Windows won't load (and he 
blamed it on the Linux). I told him I'll get to him and try to do whatever I can do to help.


<p> <p>
After a long bus ride to the lower city of Haifa, I came to Dudu and checked the computer. The LILO was 
perfectly fine and indeed booted XP. XP even started to load some files, but then it yelled that something 
was wrong there. I had no idea how to fix it and Dudu did not have the CD, so I could not re-install it. 
What I did was mount the XP partition (an NTFS) one on the Linux and back up the important files on a 
different partition.


<p> <p>
The next day Dudu re-installed Windows XP, which naturally run over the boot loader, which made it 
impossible to boot Linux. While using the phone, I instructed Dudu to insert the first Mandrake CD into the 
CD-ROM drive, set it as bootable. Then press F1 and quickly type "rescue" at the prompt and press enter. 
This brings the rescue image. It turned out that it automatically loaded the Linux partition on /mnt. 
Realizing that, I told Dudu to invoke the following command:


<p> <p>
<pre># chroot /mnt /sbin/lilo -c</pre>


<p> <p>
Which is a trick I saw someone do in a Linux Insta-Party. This restored the LILO and Dudu told me he was 
then able to boot both Linux and WinXP again.


<p> <p>
Note that I'm not entirely sure it's the Linux fault that XP got corrupt. Before I configured it, the Linux 
did not even mount the NTFS partition much less write to it. And XP is at the moment full of bugs. I advised 
Dudu to upgrade to Service Pack 1 as soon as it is available.


<p> <p><b>Safe X-Windows Locking in Run-Level 3</b>

<p> <p>
Runlevel 5 (when X runs automatically) considered harmful, because X-Windows can respond very delicately to 
hardware changes. However, when using X-Windows on runlevel 3 after it was started using "startx", there is 
a security breach involved in just locking it. The problem is that a malicious person who has physical 
access to the computer can press Ctrl+Alt+F1, press Ctrl+C or Ctrl+Z and have access to a shell prompt in 
which X runs. 


<p> <p>
I found a way to resolve it by logging into another console and typing "vlock -a", which locks the console 
and does not allow moving to a different one. This, however, has the unfortunate effect of making the 
computer unusable, except for remote login. I came up with a better solution, though: run "startx" inside a 
"screen" session and detach the session. That way, the computer is still perfectly usable. 


<p> <p>
Or maybe Runlevel 5 does make sense sometimes... :-)

2001-12-27 09:09:12