<p><b>Technion Network is Down</b>

<p> <p>
The Technion network is down now (albeit it was up in the earlier part of the
day), so I can't access t2, vipe and my Com-Net workstation. I called the
Technion Computer Center, and they said they are aware of the problem and
are trying to fix it. Hopefully it will be up again soon.


<p> <p>
Meanwhile, I'm stuck without two E-mail accounts, and since I'm on Linux,
I'll have to switch to Windows to be able to send E-mails using Eudora. Or I
can use the rather crammy web-mail interface of my ISP. I really think 
ssh+pine is the most convenient solution. If you are reading this, I suggest
you to get used to using mutt in the first place. pine is not entirely 
open-source and has a poor security record. My problem is that I'm too used
to pine and cannot get used to mutt.


<p> <p><b>Hacktivity</b>

<p> <p>
Wrote the "nice tries, but" document in the Better SCM site, where I tell
why I think Meta-CVS and OpenCM are the wrong way to do things. I also added
a page to my lecture about WebMetaLanguage, where I say why static HTML is a 
good idea sometimes, and why you should use WML to render it. 


<p> <p>
On the stories front, I added quite a lot of text to "The Pope Died on Sunday"
, managed to connect two renegade sections (and the added one) into one. Now
that I have a lot of free time, I finally feel that the story is slowly 
transforming from a sequence of disconnected parts into a whole.


<p> <p>
Finally, I discovered a minor bug in Mozilla, which I reported. It has to do
with a:hover background colour styles where there's a transparent image 
inside the anchor, and the background only changes for the bottom line of the
image (where in MSIE5 it changes for the entire image). Someone noted, that
the way it should be (only the first line should be highlighted, and I asked
whether that was indeed the case. (after all the image is wholly contained 
inside the anchor). Maybe the standard can be interpreted both sides on it.




2002-11-27 18:54:58