<p><b>Freecell Solver Lecture</b>    
    
<p>    
I finished it, gave it some final touches and uploaded it to vipe.    
You can find it <a    
href="http://vipe.technion.ac.il/~shlomif/lecture/Freecell-Solver/">here</a>.    
Now I have to review the slides before the presentation on Monday.    
    
    
<p><b>Studies</b>    
    
<p>    
The 3-D impression of a BSD Daemon we created now has moving parts,    
thanks to a lot of effort I invested in it. Writing Inventor Scenes    
in C++ sure is tedious. I still have to inform my partner about it.    
    
    
<p>    
An exercise that we were given in the "Internet" course, turned out    
to contain a bottom note saying that we should better use the book    
"Routing in the Internet". I left it at my apartment, so now I'm    
stuck without it. But who is John Galt? The way things are    
progressing it seems Roy and I will have to spend some time off the    
summer vacation working on the project. We just can't seem to find    
enough time during the semester proper.    
   
   
<p>   
I eventually finished the SICP 2 exercise. I implemented the   
Minimum Spanning Tree Algorithm with awful complexity because I was   
too lazy to implement a binary heap from scratch. Whatever: the   
lecturer said that complexity was not the issue here.   
   
   
   
<p><b>Biking</b>    
    
<p>    
Yesterday, I could not drive through my usual trail in the Yarkon    
Park because there was a Food Festival there. Today I saw that    
people started dismantling all the equipment and stages that was    
left there. So it's probably back on track. There's some kind of    
activity going on in the middle part of the park, but I don't know    
what it is. There are just several large heaps of stones or dirt.    
    
    
<p>    
Today, a girl jogger sort of accompanied my trail for a large part    
of my ride through the University St. I then lost her as she    
jay-walked (or rather jay-ran) across the red-lights in Qeren    
Qayemet. It was no the first jay walk of her that I witnessed.    
    
<p><b>Freecell Solver</b>   
   
<p>   
I placed the source on the CVS repository on BerliOS and since then   
I was able to hack on it. So far, I did some cleanups of the code,   
added an unlimited tests order, and implemented compact allocation   
for some resources. In the compact allocation scheme, I allocate   
contigous blocks from a buffer, rather than individuallly malloc   
everything.   
   
   
<p>  
The CVS is by far more convenient that keeping tar.gz archives. The  
problem is that it takes some time to commit it, because the  
connection is slow.  
  
  
<p><b>TuxRacer Demo</b>  
  
<p>  
I downloaded the TuxRacer 1.1 Demo by SunSpire Studios. The  
graphics are better than the old Open-Source version. It took me  
some time to get used to it, but now I like it a lot. I'll probably  
talk my dad into buying the full game, because it looks very  
promising.  
  
<p><b>Learning STL</b> 
 
<p> 
I've learned a bit of STL yesterday, and covered some of the basics 
of vectors, lists and iterators. Programming one of the exercises 
the tutorial gave me turned out to be quite tedious, and it took me 
a long time to get it right. The problematic part was the data 
structure logic more than the API. 
 
 
<p> 
I don't think I will invest much more extra time in it, because I'm 
not using it now, and until one needs to use something, he has 
little motivation to learn it. 
 
 
 
 
 
2002-05-31 14:09:24