<p>
<b>Freecell Solver</b>


<p> <p>
I got an idea for a re-facoring of the Freecell Solver
code. It's documented in <a href="
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/fc-solve-discuss/message/147">
this message</a> I sent to the discussion mailing list.
Last time I checked there were 18 registered members
there. Not bad, I'd say. Of course, I still make most of
the posts.


<p> <p>
I found out that Beleaguered Castle was actually a
variation of Freecell without any freecells. I was able to
add support for it and for two related games in Freecell
Solver, just by adding three presets.


<p> <p>
Another thing I'd like to do for the next release of
Freecell Solver is to make the fc-solve program use the
freecell_solver_user library instead of calling the more
internal functions directly. This has several modularity
and usability reasons for it, but it is also a derivative
of the "eating your own dog food concept". If I accept
third parties to use freecell_solver_user, I should also
use it myself, so I know people have everything they can
posssibly need.


<p> <p>
<b>The IP-Noise Project</b>


<p> <p>
Going pretty well. I spent part of the weekend writing a
Perl/Gtk+ applet to load the arbitrator and display the
configuration file and a description of it, for the final
demonstration. Lavy said that the final report composes of
20% of the grade, and should have a similar amount of
investment. We have a relatively large part of it written,
but we need to document the code in more detail.


<p> <p>
I discovered that the module works well with the older
Linux 2.4 VM, but not with the newer VM by Andrea
Archanagely. I haven't tested it with kernel 2.4.14 yet,
so it might be fixed by now.


<p> <p>
<b>The Technion</b>


<p> <p>
The lecturers are still on strike. I met my former boss
from Harmonic, Moshe Nazarthi, at the Digital
Communications class and it turns out he is a lecturer in
the parallel group. I encountered him before this
semester, but I was not sure that was indeed him.


<p> <p>
<b>LaTeX</b>


<p> <p>
I decided to write the first Digital Communications
assignment in Heb-LaTeX so Yesterday and today I spent
quite a lot of time working on it. Even though it is
better than Word, it seems to take much too long to be
worth the effort. I can understand why people would use it
for articles or books, but I think homework assignments
can be left alone to be hand-written. But who is John Galt?


<p> <p>
One of the things that interrupted me was that I had to
lookup various commands and conventions using the LaTeX
reference on the web. It usually did not take too long,
but it accomulated to a large overhead.


<p> <p>
<b>Installing Linux</b>


<p> <p>
Yesterday's evening I installed Linux for Dudu, who is
Eran's friend, this morning I installed it for Eran, and
today I upgraded the IP-Noise computer to Mandrake 8.1. I
think it's the first time I performed three installations
in a 24-hours period, not counting insta-parties.


<p> <p>
Which reminds me that tomorrow there is a lecture about
Basic Linux Admin by Etzion.


<p> <p>
<b>Epilogue</b>


<p> <p>
I thought about hacking on Freecell Solver a little now,
but it's a bit late, so maybe I'll turn into bed.



2001-11-11 20:36:49
