<p>
<b>New Signature</b>


<p> <p>
Well, today I came up with a new signature, which I think
is funnier than the previous one. It goes like this:


<p> <p>
"If A is A and A is not not-A, does it imply that B is
B and B is not not-B ?"


<p> <p>
Flame away! My problem is that I insist that all of my
signatures be original. It's not that I don't like many
quotes by other people, it's just that I am an
individualist. And I also want all my quotes to be funny.
And I refuse to use a randomizer. And I want to change it
once in a while.


<p> <p>s/problem/problems/ :-)

<p> <p>
<b>Noise Over IP Project</b>


<p> <p>
That's what I decided should be the new name of the
IP-Noise project. Just kidding. In any case, we have a
fully working IP-Queue/Kernel Mode Arbitrator. It's only
show-stopping bug is a division by zero problem, which
I'll solve as soon as I meet with Roy again.


<p> <p>
Roy and I prepared a list of notes for the final report,
and a wish-list (which we are toying with the idea of
out-sourcing a subset of it into a next project). Get
this: we have to give a final presentation, a final
demonstration and hand out a lengthy final report.


<p> <p>
The report would probably be in Word. I asked Roy to learn
LaTeX, so we can use it in the next project. It's not that
I hate Word... It's just that I can't stand using this
excuse for a Word-Processor. WordPerfect 5.1/6.0 was very
nice IMO, but LaTeX seems nice too. LaTeX has its quirks,
but it is by far better than Word.


<p> <p>
Oh well, who is John Galt?


<p> <p>
<b>Freecell Solver<b>


<p> <p>
I released Freecell Solver 1.10.0 onto the world. Freecell
Solver 1.11.0, which is also available, also includes
support for Yukon. Yukon has a much bigger number of
possible moves so the scan takes longer on average, but it
was able to solve all the games I had solved on PySol.
There are some cases, where I think it can potentially
lose, but I have to pinpoint such one. Which means I'll be
playing a lot of Yukon now.


<p> <p>
Yukon also tends to generate very long stacks, which only
only makes the Indirect Stack States&lt;tm&gt; make sense.

</b></b>
2001-10-22 14:27:06
