<p>
The presentation went pretty well. Roy brough snacks and 
Ecclaires which his wife prepared, so it made a good 
impression on the Lab staff who jokingly said that it set 
a new standard for lab presentations.


<p> <p>
The coming week will feature Rosh-Hashana in Monday, 
Tuesday and Wednesday, which does not leave much point in 
going to the Technion. Nevertheless, Roy and I decided 
that I will keep converting the arbitrator to C, and he 
will work on the Mid-Term report.


<p> <p>
Thus, yesterday I finished converting the compiler's 
interface to C and it works pretty well. I started working 
on the switcher today, but did not finish yet. In any 
case, I have an entire week for this. I also made a 
diagram of the packet handler in 
<a 
href="http://www.lysator.liu.se/~alla/dia/dia.html">Dia</a>,
but I have to fix it a bit because it came out too large.


<p> <p>
I have a test the Sunday after the next in 
<a href="http://tiger.technion.ac.il/~ee046200/">Image 
Processing and Analysis</a>, so I am preparing for it too.


<p> <p>
I downloaded a couple of fortunes yesterday, namely the 
ones from the Jargon File and some collections I found in 
a site I spotted on Freshmeat (from the Simpsons, 
Disc-World, Forrest Gump, the Hitchhiker's Guide to the 
Galaxy, and Star Wars).


<p> <p>
In the R2L front, I am still quite stuck with the KDE 
applet. I'll try to dedicate some time this week to work 
on it. I have yet to write a SPEC of the MAYBE simulator 
internals, too. And I plan to add support for Simple Simon 
to Freecell Solver. So, I still have some things in my 
task list.



2001-09-14 06:27:20