<p><b>Run-Level 5 - Ahoo!</b>

<p> <p> <p>
I eventually switched my Com-Net computer to Run-Level 5. It
was more convenient than the screen trick and the sound was
not disabled after a while. It will be problematic if
something changes in the system that does not give way to
run-level 5 so I have to remember to change it back to
run-level 3.


<p> <p> <p>
The way I see it run-level 5 was introduced for a reason and
obviously the renegade terminal is a good one for using it.


<p> <p> <p><b>Game Theory Exam</b>

<p> <p> <p>
It could have gone worse but could have gone better. Right
before the test I discovered that the Math faculty gives the
students to prove theorems in the test. (from some reason,
they have an obsession with their students studying anything
by heart for the exam).


<p> <p> <p>
When I got the form I discovered that I could not solve one
question because I could not remember the proof of Nash'
Theorem. Despite the fact that it was 4 questions out of 5,
I managed to solve only 2 1/2 since I was a bit drowsy and
could not concentrate or think very clearly. But it was fun.


<p> <p> <p>
Hopefully, I will get more than 55 as a final score, so Game
Theory will enter my record. If not, I may have to take the
second date exam without reviewing the material right before
the exam too much. (since it falls out after the beginning
of the semester).


<p> <p> <p>
Of course, for those interested I have an O(1) algorithm for
finding the proof to Nash' Theorem:


<p> <p> <p>
<i>1. Find the Open University Book (the lecturer should
have it available).<br>
2. Open it.<br>
3. Find the chapter about Nash Theorem.<br>
4. Copy the proof from it onto the tests' answer sheet.<br>
</i>


<p> <p> <p>
It is O(1) since the book has a finite number of pages and
the lecturer should have the book. I thought about writing
this algorithm in the test sheet, but then I thought better
of it. I did include one other joke in the test, but it was
only complementary to the serious answer. (it was that
p*A+(1-p)*B violates Apple's Patent on Alpha... ;-))


<p> <p><b>The Project's Demo</b>

<p> <p>
The project's demo went very well. We gave it only to Lavy
and Yoram Yihyie, who is the Com-Net Lab's engineer. Yoram
Or-Chen, the director of the communications center was not
present. Yoram Yihyie was very impressed and said the Lab
can actually make use of the IP-Noise Simulator.


<p> <p>
Naturally, there are still the things that has to be cleaned
up in the code to make it run on newer kernels. Plus, I'm
not sure what the implication of the pre-emptible kernel
would be next. The Linux Kernel changes so rapidly, that
third-party vendors must sometimes modify their code
constantly. I wish the situation was a bit different, but
that's progress for you.



2002-03-06 04:57:00
