<p><b>GNOME</b>

<p> <p>
In order to help keep balance in the force I decided to
switch to using GNOME for a while after a long time when I
used KDE 2.x. Nautilus is not so bad, for selecting mp3s
for playback after I turned off the automatic previewing
of files. What did cause me some problems were the
Netscape fonts.


<p> <p>
I tried to set the Fantasy and Cursive fonts (whatever
they are) to something nicer than Courier New, but it
turns out Netscape 6.2 gives a long list of fonts, with a
very slow scrolling mechanism. I tried Galeon instead - it
has the Gtk+ font selection dialog (yey!) but crashed
after I tried to set the fonts. It's version 0.12.1 so
maybe I should upgrade.


<p> <p>
End of story: I'm writing this entry on Konqueror running
on top of a GNOME desktop as I speak. Konqi usually brings
up half of KDE with it, so thanks God I have 320 MB of RAM.


<p> <p>
Aside from that, GMC and Nautilus put together seem to
clatter my desktop with icons, but since I don't use the
desktop icons much, it's not a major concern.


<p> <p><b>IP-Noise Project</b>

<p> <p>
I discovered that there is a readers/writers lock
mechanism that can be used inside the Linux kernel. Check:


<p> <p>
<a
href="http://www.lisoleg.net/doc/Kernel-Hacking-HOWTO/kernel-hacking-HOWTO-5.html">
http://www.lisoleg.net/doc/Kernel-Hacking-HOWTO/kernel-hacking-HOWTO-5.html
</a>


<p> <p>
This is good news because so far we defaulted on a mutex,
which could have been inefficient in an SMP machine.


<p> <p>
Otherwise, I made some minor improvements to the code and
documentation - mostly adding comments and the such. I
think Roy and I should hand the document to Lavy as it is,
so he can review it and hopefully we will get the final
report over with. Or the worst case is that we will have
to write a very detailed (and IMO useless) architecture
document.


<p> <p><b>The EE-Lab 2 Experiments</b>

<p> <p>
In "Electrical Engineering Lab 2", Technion students need
to choose 3 experiments from a list of about 20, perform
them (with the help of an instructor), and hand  reports
on them. Usually there are two meetings so sometimes we
have a preliminary report for the first meeting, a summary
report for the first meeting, a preparation report for the
second meeting, and a final report that should be handed
after the second meeting. %-)


<p> <p>
Two of Eran's and mine experiments: Image Compression and
Wavelets went very well. (in the second Wavelets meeting,
the instructor was not present, but Eran and I managed to
finish the experiment after just two hours anyway.) The
"Real Time Digital Signal Processing" one however was not
the case. Eran and I set a Technion precendent by leaving
the first meeting in the middle and declaring that we wish
to give up on the experiment. It turned out to be
impossible, so we were scheduled a different meeting.


<p> <p>
The second meeting took place last Wednesday and the
second take of the first one a week earlier. We finished
what we had to do (with a lot of help from the instructor)
, but otherwise it did not went too well. Eran wants to
get the final report over with ASAP, so he forced me to
get to the Technion early today (from Tel Aviv) and work
on it in the morning. Good thing that I wook up at 5:15 AM
today.


<p> <p>
Eran said, that if anyone proposed to give him 55 in that
experiment, he would take it. (and I second that) He also
said that he also does not mind giving up the experiment
and even this entire take of "Lab 2". I said that we
should at least give our best shot at "Real-Time DSP"
before we give up.


2001-12-23 04:05:36
