<p><b>Studies</b>

<p> <p> <p>
It's Passover vacation now, and I prepared all my homework
before the vacation, so I was free to follow my own whims
the last few days. (and I still have until Sunday to return
to studying).


<p> <p> <p>
However, Eran and I met on Tuesday and Wednesday to prepare
the Computer Networks Experiment of EE-Lab 3. We managed to
finish it, but when we wanted to start working on the
"Analog VLSI" experiment, we realized we should have bought
its booklet in advance. Since the counter is closed during
the vacation, we could not buy it then, so we agreed that
I'll simply return to Tel-Aviv.


<p> <p> <p>
As you see below, with the Logic Mazes Solver, I found out
that I made a good use of my time during the vacation.

<p> <p> <p><b><a href="/proj/Freecell%20Solver/">Freecell
Solver</a></b>

<p> <p> <p>
I released Freecell Solver 2.4.0, which a new stable
release, that enables several scans to operate on the same
states' collection. It required quite a large overhaul to
the program's internals which was made easier by using 
<a href="http://www.vim.org/">Vim</a>'s powerful features.
The last time I tried doing it, I believe I used MS 
DevStudio, and it was a much harder process that bit me in
unexpected places. The code was also made more prepared for
the overhaul that the last time.


<p> <p> <p>
Shortly afterwards, I released Freecell Solver 2.4.1, which
fixed a bug there. I wonder if there'll ever be a time when
I release Freecell Solver x.y.0 (where y is even) and never
have to release Freecell Solver x.y.1, x.y.2, etc. So far,
it has been the case only for 0.10.x and 1.2.x, and I'm not
sure they are truly bug-free.


<p> <p> <p><b>Logic Mazes Solver</b>

<p> <p>
I did say in the <a
href="http://www.advogato.org/article/395.html">Rules of
Open Source Programming</a> that the numbers of items on a
project's to-do list always grows or remains constant.
Similarily, it seems that the number of projects a developer
becomes involved in, always grown or remain constant.


<p> <p>
My latest venture started when I remembered the 
<a href="http://www.logicmazes.com/theseus.html">Theseus and
the Minotaur Puzzle</a> (check No. 14) which somebody
referenced me to. After several good tens of minutes, I was
finally able to solve it. But then, I wondered whether a
computer program can solve it equally as well, so I decided
to write one.


<p> <p>
I decided to write it in Perl, and convert it to C only if I
see that it is too slow. Eventually, it turned out that it
was actually feasible to solve those kind of puzzles using
standard Game AI techniques, and that it was very fast even
as a Perl program. I accidently searched for Theseus and the
Minotaur and google and stumbled upon the <a
href="http://www.logicmazes.com/">Logic Mazes site</a> and
found there many puzzles of a similar vein. So I decided to
write a generic API that can solve as many of them as possible.


<p> <p>
What I did eventually, was adapt the Minotaur script to
solve a different kind of Logic Maze called Alice mazes,
then I made the alice script more modular and clean, and
eventually created a Minotaur sub-class. Now everything is
generic enough for solving many kinds of puzzles. 


<p> <p>
I eventually implemented support for Number Mazes, and also
wrote a Breadth-First Search scan. It turns out that even
BrFS can solve such puzzles in a good time, and I get the
minimal solutions.


<p> The ad-hoc site for the Logic Mazes Solver is here:

<p> <a href="http://vipe.technion.ac.il/~shlomif/logic-mazes/">
http://vipe.technion.ac.il/~shlomif/logic-mazes/
</a>

<p>  
<p><b>Getting a Central Source Control Repository</b>

<p> <p>
Source Control is highly addictive and for a good reason,
because it is a life saver. While I don't use CVS for
Freecell Solver or for FCFS RWLock (the latter being a
little inactive lately), I do use it for my homework, and
for the Technion projects, and I'd like to use it for Logic
Mazes Solver. At the moment, I use two local CVS
repositories, one at home and one at my Technion
workstation. However, I would natuarlly prefer to have a
central Internet-wide repository.


<p> <p>
To make things a bit more complicated, I encountered several
of CVS limitations so far, so I'm looking for something more
versatile that will at least allow me file renames and
copies, as well as better branch management. BitKeeper seems
nice, but I noticed something about having to supply it with
an SSH public key, which makes me wonder if I can login
there from several accounts where I have diffferent public
keys. I'll have to find out about it, beforehand.


<p> <p>
Subversion also seems nice, but I'm not sure if it has a
repository that is available for the public to use. (and
registering a project on BitKeeper seems quite
straightforward). For the while, I tried to register a
project on GNU Savannah, but as usual with this site, they
have given me some trouble. Registering a project on BerliOS
(and I'm almost sure that on SourceForge too) was much more
straightforward than what I encountered with Rindolf or LMS.
The Savannah guys' Free Software purism seems to make it
much harder for the poor developers who just want to use
their service. But who is John Galt?






2002-04-04 05:06:33