<p><b>Hebrew Latex</b>

<p> <p>
My partner for "Design and Analysis of Algorithms" and I
prepared the first assignment for this course in Hebrew
LaTeX. She is not a UNIX expert, so I sat at the computer
and handled the he2 editor, CVS and LaTeX itself. This is
the third major work I prepared using Hebrew LaTeX after the
appeal to my test in "Image Processing and Analysis" and the
first assignment in "Digital Communications".


<p> <p>
Two things hampered us: the fact that I had to look up all
the relevant macros on the web, and some obscure mistakes
that caused the interpreter to yell at us without me knowing
what they are exactly. But it is still better than Word.


<p> <p>
I rememember that when I prepared the Digi-Com homework, it
took me an awfully long time because there were many
Mathematical formulae. In Word, the situation would have
probably been much worse, but it was still a much longer
time that writing everything by hand.


<p> <p>
In any case Liat (that's the name of my partner) was very
impressed by the results, and said it looked very
professional. I also prepared some diagrams of graphs to
accompany it using <a href="/proj/Sketch/">Sketch</a> and then converted
them to EPS for inclusion into LaTeX.


<p> <p>
Eran and I, OTOH, prepared the Lab Experiments reports in
Word (except for the Wavelets one last semester). Since they
are not too long and because we use few formatting styles,
Word is actually quite bearable. In Word, one has to
remember a lot of keyboard shortcuts in order to write
equations quickly enough. So, whether macros or keyboard
shortcuts, one has to remember something when you are a
technical person and would like to create equations.


<p> <p>
I still find LaTeX more flexible because there are obviously
more Mathematical styles than available keyboard shortcuts,
and in Word one tends to abundantly copy and paste things,
while in LaTeX it is possible to write a macro to
encapsulate them. Also, writing "$ ... $" is quicker than
invoking the Equation editor for an inline equation.


2002-04-04 07:26:14
