<p>
I believe this entry should be concatenated to the previous
one , but since I posted the latter yesterday's evening, I'd
like to keep them separated.


<p> <p> <p><b>Game Theory</b>

<p> <p> <p>
I took a course by that name this semester. I missed many
lessons because I had EE-Lab 2 experiments and my notebook
is in quite disorder due to my hand-writing. Luckily, I
bought the Open University's booklets on the subject, and
after the SICP test, I went over them while solving most of
the exercises there. 



<p> <p> <p>
It is possible that the lecturer deviated a bit from what
was presented in these booklets, because they were not the
only recommended material for the course. (and are not
considered the most definite resource on the subject). 


<p> <p> <p>
Game Theory is actually quite an interesting subject, but
during a lecture I kept having the feeling of "been there,
seen that.". What I mean is that the material kept sounding
pretty much the same. Going over the booklets was quite
enlightening, though.


<p> <p> <p>
In any case, the important thing is that I enjoyed the
course. It is not a critical course for me to take, so even
if I fail the test (and the second date one), nothing
terrible will happen.


<p> <p><b>A gvim Problem</b>

<p> <p>
I seem to have another gvim problem, after I upgraded to
gvim 6.0. I already solved the crummy fonts one (refer to
the <a
href="http://plasma-gate.weizmann.ac.il/Linux/maillists/02/02/msg00481.html">Linux-IL
</a> archives) by eliminating the guifontset variable that
got in my way. Now, however, it seems that I have to copy or
cut a variable twice to put it in the clipboard for the
first time I'd like to copy something there. Copying or cutting 
once does not seem to do the trick. Refer to <a
href="http://plasma-gate.weizmann.ac.il/Linux/maillists/02/02/msg00627.html">
this post</a>.


<p> <p>
Nobody could answer so it is possible it is something that
is only encountered at my machine from some unknown reason.
Maybe I should consult the Vim mailing list about it.


<p> <p>
When the editor does not work properly, a developer's life
is not really complete. Perhaps I can add a line to copy a
buffer to the clipboard once on startup as a kludge. But
then I'd like to restore the information stored there, so it
won't be destroyed. I need help...


<p> <p><b>Vim Hanoi Towers Implementation</b>

<p> <p>
Refer to <a
href="http://groups.yahoo.com/group/hackers-il/message/1958">
here</a> for the code. This is more like a doctorate work in
Vi macros programming as I:


<p> <ol>
<li>
Did not use the Vim's scripting language (only map and friends).

<li>
Implemented the recursive algorithm

</ol>

<p> <p>
The problem I'm facing now is that the number of disks is
hard-coded into the program and will take some time to
abstract. But I have better things to do with my time, for
the moment.





2002-03-01 06:16:49