<p><b>Some Extra thoughts about Human Engineering</b>

<p> <p>
You may remember my post here in which I preached about the 
importance of Human Engineering in software. But naturally, 
good human engineering extends towards other fields. 
Actually, getting people to know about your OSS project is 
relatively easy, assuming the project is actively 
maintained and technically sound. You just post regular 
updates on Freshmeat, and let Google and the Freshmeat 
Effect take care of the rest. (just please choose an 
original name, so you won't clog the whole search like 
Freecell Solver did).


<p> <p>
But the problem is that I'm a writer as well as a 
programmer, and I'm distressed that 
<a href="http://t2.technion.ac.il/~shlomif/">my stories</a> 
did not receive too much attention. But then I remembered 
how I got the few people who read them to do so: by being a 
good human engineer. I told them about them, got them 
interested in them, and got their attention. Until now, I 
thought the best way to get publicity was to get people to 
link to me from my site. I did not try too hard doing that, 
but maybe I should also complement it with a slightly 
different approach.


<p> <p>
What I'd like to do is to get people to read them by making 
them interested in the story: telling them about it, 
answering their questions about it, and creating a culture 
of small and dedicated people around it. Chen Shapira told 
me she had already read "The Enemy and How I Helped to 
Fight it" (which I wrote) four times or so, while "trying 
to look for hidden meanings". So she probably likes it. 
She's also very fond of "The Pope died on Sunday" which is 
unfinished. If I can create a web culture of people like 
that, I will eventually get more people to know about the 
stories.


<p> <p>
Like I said in the article, good human engineering is more 
about being polite and friendly, and there are some facts 
about my Internet presence, which I realized are not good 
HE. For instance, my homepage does not have a News section. 
Finding something new there is like "Cherche la Femme" - 
you have to use a web-diff tool. I think I should put one 
right between the title and the first &lt;h2&gt; heading. 
(and naturally archive previous news items)


<p> <p>
And another thing: I should create a mailing list for 
discussing my stories, probably on Yahoo-Groups, this 
always helps creating a Net culture around something. For 
the time being, there had been some discussion of my 
stories on Hackers-IL, the Israeli Objectivism web-forum 
(which I "terrorized"[1] for a while), and perhaps other 
places. But nothing too serious.


<p> <p>
Another problem, which is harder to resolve, is that I 
write most of my stories in Hebrew, and only when I'm happy 
with them, I translate them to English. Translating them on 
the fly is a pain, because I happen to re-write parts of 
them constantly. Naturally, I'll get a much larger audience 
had I wrote them in English, but I'm comfortable writing in 
Hebrew.

2002-05-10 19:37:18