<p><b>Biking</b>       
       
<p>I saw a mole today when I rode through the park. It was       
sunbathing on one of the lawns and looked very cute. Aren't moles       
supposed to be nocturnal mammals?       
       
       
<p><b>Studies</b>      
      
<p>      
My homework progress is in good shape. Liat and I sat on "Algo      
Design" yesterday and went on proving that a gaggle of problems      
were NP-Complete. I managed to prove two trivial questions and Liat      
found the answers to most of the interesting ones. Nevertheless, I      
was able to find a reduction from Subset Sum to Partition. I      
noticed that we sometimes ran into problems in our original concept      
just as we were writing it down, which we had (and were able to)      
resolve.      
      
      
<p>      
In "Computer Graphics", my partner and I sat on moving the Daemon      
using Bezier curves. This involved programming a path-editing      
dialog in Motif, a Polynomials module in ANSI C, and a function      
using it that constructs Bezier Polynomials. But it was mostly fun.      
      
      
<p>      
Eran and I handed out our last assignment (the VHDL one) for      
"EE-Lab 3" and hopefully we would have one less mandatory course in      
our agenda. I had higher expectations of VHDL than what I saw in      
this experiment, and I was quite disappointed. Eran claims that      
VHDL and Verilog sucks, and when I asked him if he can think of a      
better alternative, he told me that he sometimes does not need to      
know there is a better one to know that it sucks. He gave Word as      
an example.      
    
    
<p>      
I took the second exam in "Internet". It went comsi-comsa, but as I    
told Mom this morning, I am entirely discontent with the way the    
course was managed this semester. The questions in the tests were    
way beyond the other questions which we were given (albeit    
solvable); we were tested on material that was not given in the   
homework, and finally both tests contained a question valued 54% or   
55%. Truly uncivil.   
   
   
<p><b>Freecell Solver</b>  
  
<p>  
I had enough time to hack on it extensively. What started as a  
cleanup release turned out to add more features, and a lot of  
optimizations. But then again, this was the theme of most  
development branches of Freecell Solver so far. The --prelude  
switch and a Perl Script I wrote to construct a close-to-optimal  
one, made it possible to solve the MS 32,000 in less than 19  
million iterations, and in 35 minutes. I don't know how it fares in  
comparison to patsolve, but it is still very impressive.  
  
  
<p>  
A quick calculation shows that it is an average of 594 iterations 
per board, which is a very good solving quota. Thus, I'm not sure 
if I can improve the performance much better by continuing to 
follow this direction. 
 
 
<p><b>LM-Solve</b> 
 
<p> 
I released version 0.4.0 of it. It's not much different from the 
recent development version, but it deserves a stable version 
number. Now my plans for it are to make it possible to solve Plank 
Puzzles with it (which should prove to be non-trivial) and clean up 
the internals a bit and make it suitable as an API. If I'm in the 
mood, I might write a graphical front-end to it, but I also wish to 
do the same for Freecell Solver. 
 
 
 
2002-06-20 07:25:32