<p><b>LaTeX Printing Blues</b>

<p> <p>
My partner for "Designs and Analysis of Algorithms" wrote
our third homework in LaTeX, and included EPSes of several
graphs generated by GraphViz in it. The .ps seemed fine, and
looked well in GhostScript, but ps2pdf generated absolute
garbage. The Com-Net lab engineer has only configured
printing for the Windows NT workstations, because the
network card used by the HP printer is temporary. So I must
convert them to PDF to print them here.


<p> <p>
I tried converting the EPSes to PDF, but they also looked
bad in gv. Maybe my version of GraphViz does not generate
very well-formed ones, which causes some problems. So I had
to print the PostScript file. I scp'ed the file to my
account on the NT farm or Linux farms.


<p> <p>
I went to the Linux farm but could not login from my
faculty-wide account. Luckily, I could login from the
account dedicated to my computer graphics course. I scp'ed
the file from the other account and tried printing. What
gives? There wasn't an lpd server on the system.


<p> <p>
Next resort: I logged in the SGI machines and run lp on the
file. Now this printed perfectly on both sides of the paper.
Thank you, Technion, from making such a simple task so
complicated.


<p> <p>
I tested it now, and I could convert the PostScript to PDF
by using "ps2ps" on it first. But it seems to have a
degraded quality. At least when viewing it. At home the
Linux cannot print anything as the printer does not respond
to characters being sent to it from some reason. And Epson
740 is supposed to work perfectly with Linux.



2002-05-14 14:27:00
