<p><b>Studies</b>

<p> <p>
I had to stay in the Technion today, and may remain for the
rest of the weekend. The ironic thing is that it's holiday
during the weekend ("Shavuoth") and I won't be able to enjoy
it. The anti-christ in this story is the course "Computer
Graphics" whose homework require my partner and I to invest
quite a lot of time in the front of the computer, hacking
with OpenInventor and Motif.


<p> <p>
Hopefully, I won't have to do too much Motif programming
this time. Building proper GUI is a tedious task, and I have
time finishing it in a reasonable time. Especially with a
something like Motif that is very awkward and not
programmer-friendly. I spent most of the time in the
previous exercise trying to get the dialogs to work, and the
OpenInventor part was relatively easy.


<p> <p>
I really wish I could do Inventor programming in Perl. (or
in anything in the same vain). But I'm not aware of any
binding that allows it. Maybe, I'll get to it one day. I
also wonder how much is Inventor dependant on Motif? I.e:
how long will it take to make it available for Gtk+ or
something else? 


<p> <p>
There are Motif bindings for Perl, so maybe I'll settle down
for them.


<p> <p>
Other than that the last SICP exercise took way too long,
because the MIT Scheme debugger was awkward to work with and
buggy. My apartment-mate recommended me to use Dr. Scheme,
so I think I'll give it a try. And now I have to draw an
environment diagram... %-). Plus, I don't know how to draw
box-and-pointer diagrams for streams. (and the lecturer was
abroad to give a presentation, so I could not ask him).


<p> <p>
The other courses are going quite well. Eran and I finished
preparing the preliminary reports for the VHDL experiment.
But the instructors there did not let us simply hand what we
prepared as is. We'll have to be there to see for ourselves.
I was told the Sun workstations there don't have floppy disk
drives and the Internet connection is not functional. I'll
have to go there and find out.


<p> <p>
Liat and I prepared the "Design and Analysis of Algo" third
exercise and are meeting on Tuesday to prepare the third. I
wrote a Perl script that implements the Edmonds-Karp flow
analysis scan. We have now standard to learn about
complexity, intractibility, Turing machines and friends.


2002-05-16 11:33:24