<p><b>Recent Developments</b>

<p> <p>
Eran is not feeling very well and he could not sit today to
finish the VHDL experiment. Nevertheless, we have till the
end of May, and we don't have too much left to do. I stayed
at Haifa today, because I thought I was going to meet Liat
(my Algo Design partner), but I now got a call from her
telling me she  would not be able to make it, because there
isn't a ride to the Technion from her workplace, today.


<p> <p>
So I'm returning home, after I eat lunch today. I did not
sleep very well today, so I'm a little unfocused and cannot
concentrate. I should remember to send everything that I
worked on the Technion back home. Let me se: the LM-Solve
CVS repository (which I'm sending back and forth), the
extra-new FCS lecture summary, homework in SICP 2, the
previous homework in CG... 


<p> <p>
Hmmm. Better keep the computer on, just in case I forget
something. I wish the Com-Net Lab had a publicly accessible
source control server, on which I could put all my stuff.


<p> <p><b>Working in a Defence-Oriented Workplace</b>

<p> <p>
I keep getting contradictry opinions on what will it take to
work in a company that oriented around military projects.
According to Orna Agmon, I can forget about it because I did
not serve in the IDF. According to my mother, I need to
volunteer for one year in the IDF. Now, Roy said that all I
need to do is pass a security clearance test.


<p> <p>
Many of the Israeli Info-Tech jobs have something to do with
the Army. Someone I met who works in El-bit said that some
things are developed in five different places in the world
at the same time, while three of them are in Israel. :-)
That sounds a bit too illogical for me.


<p> <p>
In any case, I'm not sure I'd like to work in such a place
due to the high secrecy factor involved. I like to tell
people about what I do or what I did. So far, I can tell
everything I ever did in the past without me proving to be
illoyal in some ways to my previous workplaces. I don't
think secrets scale, but the army seems to think they are a
necessity. It is also possible I'll become nervous because
of something that happened in my workplace, which I'll have
trouble telling about to my friends and family.


<p> <p>
The Ironic thing is that some "Atuda'im" (People who do
their university degrees before the army service, and later
serve as officers for a longer time) are allocated as
administrators in something that requires little if any of
the scholastic knowledge and proficiency. And then the army
complains that it still lacks engineers, even though, there
is a surplus of them (at least in some areas) in the Israeli
market.


<p> <p>
Check the <a
href="http://groups.yahoo.com/group/philosophy-il/message/25">
following link</a> for something I wrote regarding why I
think there should be a voluntary recuirement into the
Israeli army. And ironically, the latest situation has only
made it clearer for me on why it is necessary.



2002-05-09 08:33:38