<p>
Hmmm. It's been a long time since my last diary entry. I
kept wanting to write one, but always had better things to
do with my time. Oh well.


<p> <p><b>lm-solve</b>

<p> <p>
lm-solve has finally seen its 0.2.0 release. For more
information check <a
href="http://vipe.technion.ac.il/~shlomif/lm-solve/">its
homepage</a> or the <a
href="http://freshmeat.net/projects/lm-solve/">Freshmeat
page</a>. So far I got 38 record hits, 49 URL hits, 1
subscriber and 33 ignores (!). Oh well, I guess most people
did not even hear of Logic Mazes, much less are interested
in a solver for them.


<p> <p>
Right now I'm working on the 0.3.x branch. So far I added
support for three types of Andrea Gilbert's Tilt Mazes.
(single goal, multiple goal and red/blue goals) I guess I'll
delay adding the <a
href="http://www.gjnem.demon.co.uk/planks/ixplanks.htm">Plank
Puzzles</a> support for a later version because it seems
like a relatively complicated thing to do, and actually is
quite scarry. (;-))


<p> <p>
These Logic Mazes are highly addicting, BTW. But luckily, I
am preparing a solver to solve them for me. :-)



<p> <p><b>Studies</b>

<p> <p>
Quite a lot of homework. And now that I managed to get rid
of everything, I got homework in both SICP and Computer
Graphics. SICP is for singular submission, but I have to
synchornize time with my CG partner to sit on the exercise.


<p> <p>
Other than that I had a test in "Internet - Architecture and
Protocols". I did not know too well how to solve the TCP
question which was %55 percent of the score. In any case,
TCP was not covered in the homework, so I don't think it is
fair that they put it in the exam. Plus, we were supposed to
simulate an entire TCP connection on paper, which, IMO, is
not a very realistic (or enlightening) thing to expect from
a student.


<p> <p>
This test covers 35% of the score, which means that unless I
do better in the second date exam, I can kiss 35%*55% = 19%
of the grade good bye. Did I already mentioned that I hate
the Technion? I'll mention it again: I do.


<p> <p>
On a slightly more positive chord, I should mention that Roy
and I got 100% on our university project (the IP-Noise one).
That should be a good addition to my grades listing which
stands on a 80% average as it is.


<p> <p>
Eran and I are making progress in our Lab 3 experiments. We
prepared the final report of the Analog VLSI experiment in
Hebrew LaTeX, and Eran keyed most of the document. (he said
he wanted to learn LaTeX a little, because he may need it).
 Right now we are sitting on the VHDL Experiment, which is
the last one we need to prepare. Since we are working in the
NT Farms (which are LaTeX-less) we have to use Word for it.
But the real challenge is writing the VHDL code and
especially the VHDL test-benches.


<p> <p>
--------------------


<p> <p>
I have to go now because I have a lecture in a few minutes.
But I'll probably add some more material here later on
today. I really would like that this diary won't be
neglected so much.


2002-05-08 07:18:42
